docs: SEO optimizations of the 50 most visited pages (#1451)
NativeScript/docs: docs/ui/gestures.md

---
title: Gestures

> description: Learn how to set up single or multiple gestures via HTML or code-behind and offer unique interaction within NativeScript app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up single or multiple gestures via HTML or code-behind files, and offer unique interactions within NativeScript apps.
```
